Branch : Userguide (#1)
tw-yshuang/AIVC-Server-Booking: docs/USER_GUIDE.md

> # **AIVC-Server-Booking User Manual**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# AIVC-Server-Booking User Manual
```

> ## **`1. Introduction`**  

Reviewer: It is no need to use the special font.
```suggestion
## 1. Introduction
```

`AIVC-Server-Booking` aims to let user easily get required computing resouces such as :  

* RAM  
* GPU  
* CPU.  

Simultaneously, this system will efficiently magange server's resources between different users without conflicts.  

Our team use the package, `Docker`, as an important tool to help us distribute resources. Why we use Docker is because it has some characteristic which will be briefly introduce as following article :  

```
With Docker, you can easily package and  deploy your applicatoins. It will collect the infrastructure resouces and applications, which are needs to functions. 

Those evironmental setting are dictated by Docker file which has instructions of how to build the environment (container). You can customize it on your will. 

After running the docker file, Docker will create a corresponding container that is the environment you need to run applications. The last and important property is that Docker allows different containers operating simultaneously without affecting to other containers.

> ```

Reviewer: I think using code-style to show the information is not a good idea.
try this:

>  With Docker, you can easily package and  deploy your applicatoins. It will collect the infrastructure resouces and applications, which are needs to functions.

> Because of those properties, when a user want to take advantage of server's computing capability, he no more worries about problems caused by different environments and he can focus on his project.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of those properties, when a user wants to take advantage of server computing capability, you can no more worry about problems caused by different environments and focus on the project.
```

> Besides integrating Docker, our team try to make this system more usable so that we add additional functions to it. For example:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides integrating Docker, our team is trying to make this system more usable so that we add some additional functions. For example:
```

1. `User can customize their required resources with CLI.`  
2. `The host maintainer can supervise the usage of server easily.`  

Now, let's start the intructions of AIVC-Server-Booking system.

---

> ## **`2. Before Booking......`**

Reviewer: It is no need to use the special font.
```suggestion
## 2. Before Booking......
```

Before booking AIVC server, there are somthing you should know ......

1. Ask host maintainer for a new account first. Every account has default limitation of resources. If you want more, you can go to discuss with the host maintainer.

2. You will be forbidden to access server if your used space is out of range. You must sort out your memory space before using server.

3. Every container is removed after it run out of time to release the computing resources being utilized.

> 4. There are three main directories in each container,  which those directories will be volumed to corresponding ones in host. Let's take a look for their purposes :  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Each container has three main directories, which will be volumed to corresponding ones in the host. Let's take a look at their purposes :  
```

>     * `backup_dir` :  Aims to store the configs customized by the user. Next time, when you want to book server again, the booking system will build the container based on your configs, which are already backed up in `backup_dir`, to build the customization.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `backup_dir`: Aims to store the configs customized by the user. Next time you want to book the server again, the booking system will build the container based on your configs, which are already backup in `backup_dir`, to build the customization.
```

    When you want to backup files or directories, you should write down you needs in `backup.yaml` and follow the form shown below :  

        ```yaml  
        # Under the Backup
        Dir: 

>           - - < Backup's dir_path>    # Backup is a folder in host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - - <Backup's dir_path>    # Under the Backup_dir, must related path.
```

            - < container's dir_path> # must be absolute path  
        
        File: 

>           - - < Backup's file_path>    # Backup is a folder in host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - - < Backup's file_path>    # Under the Backup_dir, must related path.
```

            - < container's file_path> # must be absolute path
        ```  

        For example :

        ```yaml  
        Dir: 
        - - .default/.pyenv 
          - /root/.pyenv 
        File: 
        - - .zshrc 
          - /root/.zshrc 
        ```

>     * `work_dir` :  Store user's projects and  personal dataset. Because booking system will automatically delete container with empty work_dir, you should ensure the work_dir has projects in itself to avoid your container from being removed.

Reviewer: > Because booking system will automatically delete container with empty work_dir, you should ensure the work_dir has projects in itself to avoid your container from being removed.
 
This is terribly wrong!!

>     * `dataset_dir` :  It is a read-only folder and supports some common public dataset to every user such as coco dataset. If you have demands about public dataset, you can ask the host maintainer for it. The host maintainer will search it and add it into the directroy. With the management, all users can access the public dataset and no need to download again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `dataset_dir`:  It is a **read-only** folder and supports standard public datasets for every user, such as the coco dataset. If you have demands about the public datasets, you can ask the host maintainer for them. The host maintainer will search for it and add it to the directory. With the management, all users can access the public dataset without downloading again.
```

---

## **`3. Booking Usage`**

In this topic, I will instruct the operations of booking step by step including booking method and describe extra options.  

> ### `I. Auxiliary tools`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### CLI Command
```

> Before booking, you can add `-h` or `--help` option after `booking.py` command. Then you can get an manpage about this system.

Reviewer: You can show the --help information, which will help the user to understand this CLI tool.

  ```zsh
  python3 booking.py -h
  ```

Add `-ls` or `--list-schedule` option will let CLI  output the schedule already booked.

  ```zsh
  python3 booking.py -ls
  ```

Notice that you should ask the host maintainer for an account first then you can access this system.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Start Booking
```

> ### `II. Log in`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `I. Log in`
```
all the steps

Before booking AIVC's server, there is something you should know ......

1. Ask the host maintainer for a new account first. Every account has default limitations of resources. If you want more, you can go to discuss with the host maintainer.

2. You will be forbidden to access the server if your used space is out of range. You must sort out your memory space before using the server.

3. Every container is removed after it runs out of time to release the computing resources being utilized.

4. There are three main directories in each container,  and those directories will be volumed to corresponding ones in the host. Let's take a look at their purposes :  

    `backup_dir`  
    Aims to store the configs customized by the user. Because a container will be removed when it runs out of time, all environmental configures such as *zshrc*, *pyenv*, also will be deleted. This system helps you back up your environmental setting so you don't need to reset all environment configs in next time.

    When you want to backup files or directories, you should write down your needs in `backup.yaml` and follow the form shown below :  

    ```yaml  
    # Under the Backup
    Dir: 

>       - - < Backup's dir_path>    # Backup is a folder in the host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - - < Backup's dir_path>    # Backup is a folder in the host; it must be a related path.
```

        - < container's dir_path> # must be absolute path  
    
    File: 

>       - - < Backup's file_path>    # Backup is a folder in the host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - - < Backup's dir_path>    # Backup is a folder in the host; it must be a related path.
```

`tmux` assists to open multiple **windows** and **panes** in one terminal. Each **pane** contains its own, independently running shell instance (`bash`, `zsh`, ...). You can operate multiple terminal commands and run applications side by side without creating multiple terminals.  

Conclude that `tmux` basically offers two major features:

1. **Window** management in your terminal  
2. **Session** management

In this system, we have customized two critical `tmux`'s features you should know :

* **Allow using mouse** to change the working place between different panes and windows.
* **Prefix hotkey has been turned into Ctrl+a ( C-a )**.

Some of hotkeys have been changed by [tmux_config](../imgae_setup/config/.tmux.conf) as follow :  

|Key|Description|
|:--:|:--|
|<font color=#CE9178>C-a</font> |prefix|

> |<font color=#CE9178>prefix + \| </font>| split-window horizontally ()|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|<font color=#CE9178>prefix + \| </font>| split-window horizontally |
```
